Update README.md (#434)
pymc-labs/pymc-marketing: README.md

Due to its open source nature and active contributor base, new features get added constantly. Missing a feature or want to contribute? Fork our repository and submit a pull request. For any questions, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/your-repo/issues).

## Marketing AI Assistant: MMM-GPT with PyMC-Marketing

**[Try MMM-GPT Now](https://mmm-gpt.com/)**

### About MMM-GPT

> Integrating PyMC-marketing for Bayesian analytics in marketing, MMM-GPT offers expert advice and strategic pathways for revolutionary marketing efforts and insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Marketing AI Assistant: MMM-GPT with PyMC-Marketing

Not sure how to start or have questions? MMM-GPT is an AI that answers questions and provides expert advice on marketing analytics using PyMC-Marketing.

**[Try MMM-GPT here.](https://mmm-gpt.com/)**
```
